updated discover with alt text (#77660)
elastic/kibana: docs/discover/viewing-field-stats.asciidoc

To view field data statistics, click the name of a field in the fields list.

> image:images/filter-field.png[fields list, showing top 5 search results]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image:images/filter-field.png[Fields list that displays the top five search results]
```
